https://codepen.io/holdenrussell/full/abbEGbE

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML with meaning. We use Semantic HTML to make it readable

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To markup a web page

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes add additional information to an html element. we put them in the start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It's a heading. We shoudl use it sparingly and only to define section headings. So search engines can read the page.
   
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor tags, Images

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    everything that's not seen. IE title of document, links to stylesheets, scripts,etc

    7. What is an id? 
    It's an individually identified selector. Styles an elemnet with a specific ID


    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any
    

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once

    10. What is a class? 
    Used to define styles for elements witht the same class name

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    adding the target="_blank" attribute

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Used to specify alternative text. This is rendered when the element it's applied to cant be rendered
    Also good for search engines.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    the #id selector

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means content that is grouped. Appears as an entry in outline of page.
    Div does not convey any meaning

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    It's used to style a web page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    using a selctor. If we wanted to select every h2 we would do the following 
    h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used to select mutliple elements on a page and can be used mutliple times
    an ID is used to be more specific and can only be used once. For example:
    <h1 class="class">I'm an h1 with multiple classes</h1>
    <h1 id="id">I'm an h1 with an ID</h1>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    By using a selector. IE:
    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p human {

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It's useful when we want to be more specific and not neccesarily select every item


    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    sidebar a {

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Selectors like Hover, etc. Doesn't neccesarily select an element itself

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spaceing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .class {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Using a universal selector 
    * {

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd on Mac

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm - you want to be careful because it's permanent

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It's the best way to work on a team and keep track of changes

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as possible

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    then do git commit -m 'meesage here'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork repo
    Add TL as collaborator
    Clone repo
    Create branch - git checkout -b 'Holden-Russell'
    Work on files
    git add .
    
    When it's ready to commit
    git commit -m 'Message here'
    then 
    git push origin Holden-Russell

    Once this is done go to github,
    go to pull request
    add TL as reviewer
    create pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    Block element always starts on a new line and takes up full width
    Inline doesn't start on a new line and only takes up as much room as neccessary

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    They're removed from document flow. They have no effect on parent element or on elements that occur after them

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Add an inline block to a div

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div
    h1
    h2

    inline 
    span
    strong

    inline-block
    <ul>
    <li> list item! </li>
    </ul>


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    Content, padding, border, margin
    It allows us to add borders and space around elements

    The fix - Box-Sizing: Border-Box